[docs] Update Router telemetry docs (#6252)
apollographql/router: docs/source/reference/router/telemetry/trace-exporters/overview.mdx

```

- `sampler` sets the sampling rate as a decimal percentage, `always_on`, or `always_off`. For example, setting `sampler: 0.1` samples 10% of your requests.

>   - [`always_off`](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/specs/otel/trace/tracestate-probability-sampling/#always-off-sampler) means that no spans will make it to your APM. It doesn't mean that sampling is disabled

Reviewer: I might be missing something, but there doesn't seem to be a `#always-off-sampler` anchor on https://opentelemetry.io/docs/specs/otel/trace/tracestate-probability-sampling/#always-off-sampler.
I also wonder if adding a link to Otel's docs adds more to the explanation?

In any case, I'd recommend splitting this out into the three examples, will add a suggestion.

> - `sampler` sets the sampling rate as a decimal percentage, `always_on`, or `always_off`. For example, setting `sampler: 0.1` samples 10% of your requests.
>   - [`always_off`](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/specs/otel/trace/tracestate-probability-sampling/#always-off-sampler) means that no spans will make it to your APM. It doesn't mean that sampling is disabled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `sampler` sets the sampling rate as a decimal percentage, `always_on`, or `always_off`.
  - For example, setting `sampler: 0.1` samples 10% of your requests.
  - `always_on` (the default) sends all spans to your APM.
  - `always_off` turns off sampling. No spans reach your APM.
```
